hey youtube this is I smooth 9 TV
showing you first look first review on
youtube of the crazy light Eddie 0
sneaker they're very very light actually
feel like a feather when you were no I
feel like I have my socks on this is
and as you can see i'm not sure if you
can see it it says lightest ever like on
the tongue and that's definitely a fact
um I own the 1.5 and these sneakers and
hmm i think i recommend these over the
1.5 the lighter they feel more
comfortable and they're more flexible
1.5 right here they getting jealous oh
these are good too I messed them up
really fast my friends was really
excited when i first got these sneakers
it definitely over to the hype I love
these sneakers I scratched yes a lot
this right here is very easy to scratch
and damaged that's another view so i
prefer crazy light over it but look was
I think the crazy like the crazy light
losses in that area I think these look
better just by looks but the performance
or the crazy light it's better because
it's much lighter just got these today
from eastbay this is the first days on
stairs on stores I like eventually get
these get it fast because they will be
selling out
it feels really really like I can
actually see through it I can see my 140
files it's a really easy to damage
though overall get the crazy light get
it fast they will be selling now I also
like the red on white peers the blue on
white pills I like them all except the
grey and green one I don't know there
was a tone with that one my feet is
really big so I can't really fit it take
like a really long time to get my feet
in but how long do you sneak it so much
I don't want to take it back to east bay
because it might take a long time to
like get it back in a bigger size but
you're talking what you think youtube